Congratulations on getting to the last video in the beginning, C++ course.
That's a huge course.
So it's a huge achievement.
Congratulations for finishing the course.
This video is designed to show you how to get some free, valuable programming information into your
hands today.
Firstly, I want to talk about the course slides.
We're making these available for download.
There's a huge amount of slides comprising 600 plus pages.
You'll get access to those for free and I'll tell you how in this video.
Secondly, I'm going to point you to another course about learning to code.
This one's on YouTube.
It's different to the courses that I and Frank have been producing on Udemy, because it's designed
to help you understand how programming works by showing how computers work under the hood.
So I'm talking right down to circuits and switches, how the hardware works and how computers use binary
and talk in only one language machine code, things of that nature, which you wouldn't normally learn
in a particular course.
And that course is designed to teach you that information from a perspective of a programmer, and it's
going to help make you a better programmer long term, because you'll understand more fully how things
work at a hardware level when you're typing in your source code.
I'm also giving a free access to my programmers guide in book format.
The video book goes into detail, answering some very common questions that come up for your programming
career, and you'll also get 100 related videos, which will go into more detail answering those questions.
The book and videos collectively answer pretty well all the important questions, certainly the majority
of them relating to programming careers.
Now, that's an example of some of the sample questions that I'll answer.
How long does it take to become a developer?
Do you need a degree to make it as a developer?
What's the number one skill you need to have to succeed as a programmer?
Are you too old to become a programmer?
And what other one do you need to be good at math to succeed as a programmer?
That's just a sample of some of the questions.
There's over 100 more.
I believe there's 106 videos as of the date.
I'm recording this video in July 2021.
So you get all the answers to those questions.
And lastly, because I know this video is dragging on a bit, the Learn Programming Academy Channel
has 50 plus other courses here on Udemy, so I'm going to give you the information in a bit of a summary
format on what each of those courses are all about, but also the big discount links so you can get
them at the best possible price as well.
Alright, so how do you access all this free material?
What you need to do is download the e-book.
That's right.
In this lecture that you're watching right now, you need to be locked into a computer.
It probably won't show up if you're on a tablet or a phone to log into a computer.
Then you click on the resources that you can see on the screen.
Now, in this particular lecture, I click on the bonus pdf, which you can see Open It Up.
It's got everything you need to access.
All the information that I've talked about here in this video, if there's any issues downloading the
PDF, contact me, Anita, me and I'll do my best to help you out.
Alright, so download the e-book right now while you remember.
Thanks again for watching.
Congratulations again on completing this course and look forward to hearing about your future programming
success.
Bye for now.